hello everyone today we are again in review
micron art universe who has not seen on
its review, or just do not know what kind of
the universe can see another
video from this universe with one
typesetter from the same series but today
us from omicron corr pain and technique of this
fractions
more precisely there are only two factions here
here are all sets of sets from
light side and dark side well on
in fact it is matter and antimatter
this is exactly the same army
differing only in color well there own
the universe its history everything is as usual but
here is a beautiful art network like this technique
behaves in battle
well, and here it is the technique we can
fine to see its size and even
some insides
Also in the set there is another carbon fiber
and the capsule here we still have the technique and
a huge pyramid on which is right all
factions depict all the races well back
all functionality is represented that is
technicians assembled eat appliances
spitting out capsule
capsules then
the form of pilots well and disassembled
I spit out the same capsule
and then warlord whether hold warlord
carbon of or carbanion saw difficult
say how to correctly because there is
cartoon for this universe but cartoon i
found only in french
actually as originally
the manufacturer of this toy is in
france well then let's look at
this check the functionality of this
beauty of a lamb
and I can tell you exactly how it is
actually because appearance
pretty cool
inside there is a booklet still surprisingly he
in Russian however in the previous video on
this universe, I seem to be exactly the same
found booklets
okay and inside we have this
a colossus like some kind of cosmic
monster with hands tail by the way here these
here are the tail fins and rubber that
very pleased with their difficult to break more precisely
they cannot be broken they are rubber and
which is very useful because if it were
items were plastic then through a couple
hours either not left at all otherwise
everything is made of such a gray
plastic us with such
kind of like eyes and details
but they are also present on the paws
there is a huge mouth if that
click on the language then the whole model
decomposed and acquires already combat
view this is no storage for the troops
this is the storage for the rocket launcher
here are such rocket launchers of course they are not
know how to shoot but
laid out effectively four feet on
which this beast stands on each of
they have wheels that if
put is not visible but ride model
can also in the set have a capsule easily
opening by the way and such
crook prostrate
similar to a small godzilla in a helmet with
pistols
this is such a white alien who
famous for their carboxylic skin which
difficult to break through and in general these guys
hard to destroy
but anticorrosive bonsu and they are completely
same evil as it all functions
we take the capsule we insert there our
pilot and this model is folded
fold all the legs and in such
position she flies in search of a pilot we
we throw capsules in the mouth and here he is a pilot
inside and ready to lead this deadly
sing a car that's so simple
plain toy
in general, I have long wanted this sponge
see but it cost too much
and I bought it in the cottage dacha for 500 rubles
I really wanted to see such a thing
principle what to say toy pretty
not bad
not yet the least quality hunting but also done
in China
what's written here
Hong Kong pretty good very
pleased with this tail of course without flaws
It cost but they are almost not felt
general design interesting such
cybernetic beast is always
interesting mix of universes mixture of ideas
well, pretty good mechanism
although I thought that this capsule
will shoot but basically on the boxes
shows that you can shoot
just close the lid quite abruptly and
he spits out this thing and continues his
flight in search and the enemy pilot
less the universe shows that she
noteworthy and unusual ideas not
ordinary fighters and their unusual technique
This is the one I liked the technique
but I just love such
beetle like cars but there is of course and
the pyramids and here are such a walk and ki
different other machines so the series then
Micron is quite interesting in principle.
and of course it would be desirable to find out in what
that all the same thing here because we have
on familiarization with the universe of all
three paragraphs that's all you can
from this concept and then micron it
turns out to be some kind of combat universe
rather, a series of toys fighting in it as
you can even play there
regulations
but apparently the creators are us
offer to invent them yourself but in
anyway the thing is spectacular or at least
attention attracts me especially
like these rockets
I hope you enjoyed this video and you
stay on my channel because
we still have a lot of interesting ahead
good luck and bye